today welcome to Todd's kitchen my life
is a very well-known dish but I can
control it boring at times so join me
today as I mix it up and make meatloaf
cupcakes again I start with our four
slices of multigrain bread now with a
rolling pin
I want you to just roll them out just
like this as hard as you can just so the
nice and flat okay next up I want to do
just get a steady muffin trace just give
it a quick grease just on the inside and
grab your bread then just carefully
stick in there and shape it just so it's
covering the inside okay once they're on
like this we're gonna put them into a
preheated oven at 180 degrees Celsius
for five to ten minutes just to they
firm up
okay next into a food processor so we're
gonna work in another two slices of
bread and what we're doing dinner do is
I'm gonna shred this until it comes up
to like fine for bread crumbs
okay so that's a consistency you're
after nice small little breadcrumbs just
like that now once our front panel
medium to high just give it a quick
graze just like this and so that we got
the onion though just roughly chopped up
and a couple of the bacon rations that
I've also just roughly chopped off now
just give surveys for about four to five
minutes just until the uneven baking up
completely browned off okay there it's a
whole want you to crack in one egg just
quick just a lively just to break it all
up
it's that out about three tablespoons of
Worcestershire sauce next we're gonna
place the know roughly chopped parsley
then we're gonna add in our breadcrumbs
now it's really saw the brown officers
ready to take off okay so next we're
faking a nutty mix to the ball it's good
a good stir through just just so it's
all combined then finally we're gonna
head out
you know I'm it's me now don't be afraid
to use your hands just make sure they
clean just break up that mincemeat just
especially akin and what are you doing
it just mix all the ingredients through
just so everything is properly for white
okay so once it's all combined taking
this out of the oven another firm done
wisely it said just grab you mints and
just work or work it into there right
into the cup
okay once done we're gonna place this
back in the oven same temperature for 30
minutes until it's cooked all the way
through okay I'm taking this out of the
oven no I've learned a call for about 10
minutes and they're looking fantastic
and look at that the bread is the crust
with a lovely meat inside and smells
fantastic thank you for watching this
episode of Todd's kitchen be sure to
show you some up I give me a thumbs up
leave a comment and subscribe and I'll
see you next time for another delicious
recipe